README.md, before:

# [HostZ](https://github.com/Laicure/HostsZ) generated hosts files
#### My personal list: [shithosts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Laicure/hosts/master/shithosts)

### Custom hosts file's sources ([direct download](https://bitbucket.org/Laicure/public/downloads/hosts)):
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/data/StevenBlack/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdAway/adaway.github.io/master/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers_justdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts/master/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMask/eth-phishing-detect/master/src/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamiemansfield/minecraft-hosts/master/lists/tracking.txt
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
https://orca.pet/notonmyshift/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidonzo/Threat-Intel/master/lists/latestdomains.piHole.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shreyasminocha/shady-hosts/main/hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tiuxo/hosts/master/ads
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&mimetype=plaintext&useip=0.0.0.0

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Laicure/hosts/master/shithosts
https://zerodot1.gitlab.io/CoinBlockerLists/hosts_browser
https://gitlab.com/curben/urlhaus-filter/raw/master/urlhaus-filter-hosts-online.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_ad.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_malvertising.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_tracking.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt
```
whitelist:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnergizedProtection/unblock/master/basic/formats/domains.txt
```
### Raw [StevenBlack/hosts' data](https://github.com/StevenBlack/hosts/tree/master/data) sources ([direct download](https://bitbucket.org/Laicure/public/downloads/hosts2)):
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/data/StevenBlack/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdAway/adaway.github.io/master/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.2o7Net/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Dead/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Risk/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Spam/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers_justdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts/master/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigdargon/hostsVN/master/option/hosts-VN
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMask/eth-phishing-detect/master/src/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamiemansfield/minecraft-hosts/master/lists/tracking.txt
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
https://orca.pet/notonmyshift/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidonzo/Threat-Intel/master/lists/latestdomains.piHole.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shreyasminocha/shady-hosts/main/hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tiuxo/hosts/master/ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/UncheckyAds/hosts
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&mimetype=plaintext&useip=0.0.0.0
```

Commit message:

how I add domains in shithost

README.md, after:

# [HostZ](https://github.com/Laicure/HostsZ) generated hosts files
#### My personal list: [shithosts](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Laicure/hosts/master/shithosts)
_shitlist consist of domains that are popping-up from random sites that I open via mobile; captured by [iOS Adguard](https://github.com/AdguardTeam/AdguardForiOS) or [PersonalDNSFilter](https://github.com/IngoZenz/personaldnsfilter)_

### Custom hosts file's sources ([direct download](https://bitbucket.org/Laicure/public/downloads/hosts)):
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/data/StevenBlack/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdAway/adaway.github.io/master/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers_justdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts/master/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMask/eth-phishing-detect/master/src/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamiemansfield/minecraft-hosts/master/lists/tracking.txt
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
https://orca.pet/notonmyshift/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidonzo/Threat-Intel/master/lists/latestdomains.piHole.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shreyasminocha/shady-hosts/main/hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tiuxo/hosts/master/ads
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&mimetype=plaintext&useip=0.0.0.0

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Laicure/hosts/master/shithosts
https://zerodot1.gitlab.io/CoinBlockerLists/hosts_browser
https://gitlab.com/curben/urlhaus-filter/raw/master/urlhaus-filter-hosts-online.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_ad.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_malvertising.txt
https://s3.amazonaws.com/lists.disconnect.me/simple_tracking.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/anudeepND/blacklist/master/adservers.txt
```
whitelist:
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/EnergizedProtection/unblock/master/basic/formats/domains.txt
```
### Raw [StevenBlack/hosts' data](https://github.com/StevenBlack/hosts/tree/master/data) sources ([direct download](https://bitbucket.org/Laicure/public/downloads/hosts2)):
```
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/StevenBlack/hosts/master/data/StevenBlack/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdAway/adaway.github.io/master/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.2o7Net/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Dead/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Risk/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/add.Spam/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AdguardTeam/cname-trackers/master/combined_disguised_trackers_justdomains.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/mitchellkrogza/Badd-Boyz-Hosts/master/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigdargon/hostsVN/master/option/hosts-VN
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/PolishFiltersTeam/KADhosts/master/KADhosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MetaMask/eth-phishing-detect/master/src/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/jamiemansfield/minecraft-hosts/master/lists/tracking.txt
https://winhelp2002.mvps.org/hosts.txt
https://orca.pet/notonmyshift/hosts.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidonzo/Threat-Intel/master/lists/latestdomains.piHole.txt
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/shreyasminocha/shady-hosts/main/hosts
https://someonewhocares.org/hosts/zero/hosts
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tiuxo/hosts/master/ads
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/FadeMind/hosts.extras/master/UncheckyAds/hosts
https://urlhaus.abuse.ch/downloads/hostfile/
https://pgl.yoyo.org/adservers/serverlist.php?hostformat=hosts&mimetype=plaintext&useip=0.0.0.0
```
